{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh10560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 *******\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 MATLAB_PIV_codes\
Author: Takumi\
Data: Feb. 09, 2018\
\
*******\

\b Contents
\b0 \
\'85 This folder should contain three matlab scripts: process_dir.m, treatpiv_t.m, save_single_data_PIVlab.m\
\
\
*******\

\b What each code does:\

\b0 \'85 process_dir.m : main script that calls process_dir.m\
\'85\'85 Argument(s): 
\i Dirbase
\i0  (
\f1\fs20 \cf2 Dirbase = '/Volumes/labshared3-1/takumi/2018_02_01'
\f0\fs24 \cf0 )\
\
\'85 treatpiv_t.m : computes velocity field, and calls save_single_data_PIVlab.m\
\'85\'85 Argument(s):
\i  Dirbase,dirlist,Dt,W,step,test 
\i0 \
\'85\'85 PIV settings can be modified here. (
\i Int. area 1
\i0  etc.)\
\
\'85 save_single_data_PIVlab.m : saves position, velocity, and vorticity(optional) in txt format\
\'85\'85 Argument(s):
\i  currentframe,Dt,PathName,FileName,filenames,export_vort,x,y,u,v
\i0 \
\'85\'85 saving vorticity is optional. set
\i  export_vort  
\i0 true if you prefer to save vorticity. Default is false. \
\
*******\

\b How to use the MATLAB scripts\

\b0 0. Prepare a folder filled with tiff stacks of your PIV. turbulence/manager/Data_processing.py is useful. Let\'92s say the tiff folder is located  
\f1\fs20 \cf2 /Volumes/labshared3-1/takumi/2018_02_01/Tiff_folder
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
1. Run process_dir(\'91
\f1\fs20 \cf2 /Volumes/labshared3-1/takumi/2018_02_01/\'91
\f0\fs24 \cf0 )\
\
This should output the velocity field data in a folder like 
\f1\fs20 \cf2 /Volumes/labshared3-1/takumi/2018_02_01/\cf0 PIV_W32_step1_data. \
\
\

\f0\fs24 *******\

\b Sample output\

\f1\b0\fs20 \
PIVlab by W.Th. & E.J.S., ASCII chart output - 30-Jan-2018\
FRAME: 11, filenames: A: im00031.tiff & B: im00035.tiff, conversion factor xy (px -> m): 1, conversion factor uv (px/frame -> m/s): 1\
x [px],y [px],u [px/frame],v [px/frame],vorticity [1/frame]\
17,17,-508.876396,683.8433574\
17,33,-232.6514712,359.6016896}